Pseudocode of Todo List Using Redux

Redux is mainly used when you have a lot of data to be utilized at different levels and components. Redux creates a separate compartment called "store" that makes any "state variable" available to all components in the tree. Here is an example of how redux will work in a todo list app in more detail. 

1. How to add new todos: First, the user sees and clicks the add todo button to add a new todo. Once the user clicks on it, it activates an event or a function, which in redux is called "action creator." This "action creator" will create something called an "action" with two pieces of information. The first one will be the name of the action or the "action type." Which in this case could be "addTag." The second type of information will be the "payload," which in this case will be a string. After the action is created, it is despatched to the "reducer." The reducer takes care of reading and interpreting the "action" sent by the "action creator." Once it is analyzed, the "reducer" modifies the "state variable," adding a new tag that the user will be able to see on the screen. 
2. How to delete a tag: The process is almost the same as adding a new tag. The main difference is that the "action" will have a different "action type" and that the "payload" will be an empty string. The "action type" will tell the "reducer" how to change the "state variable."
3. The done button: This button or component only needs to send a request for the "state variable" located in the "store" object. It does not need to make any changes to the state variable. Once the component or function has access to the variable, we can use a function to change the style. In other words, the action does not need a "payload," only an "action type."
